[release-3.0] 3.0.2 documentation updates (#315) (#340)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/quickstart/metal3.adoc

# Remaining content as in previous example
----

> NOTE: In some circumstances the mac-address may be omitted but the `configure-network.sh` script must use the `_all.yaml` filename described above to enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: In some circumstances the mac-address can be omitted but the `configure-network.sh` script must use the `_all.yaml` filename described above to enable <<networking-unified, Unified node configuration>> in nm-configurator.
```

Should it be mac-address or `mac-address`?
Should it be nm-configurator. or `nm-configurator.`?
